Added Examples to classes (#595)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/API/CoreModules.rst

This module contains all properties and methods needed to create
optimetrics setups.

.. code:: python

    from pyaedt import Hfss
    app = Hfss(specified_version="2021.1",
                 non_graphical=False, new_desktop_session=True,
                 close_on_exit=True, student_version=False)

>     # this call return the ParametericsSetups Class
>     app.opti_parametric
> 
>     # this call return the OptimizationSetups Class
>     app.opti_optimization
> 
>     # this call return the DOESetups Class
>     app.opti_doe
> 
>     # this call return the DXSetups Class
>     app.opti_designxplorer
> 
>     # this call return the SensitivitySetups Class
>     app.opti_sensitivity
> 
>     # this call return the StatisticalSetups Class
>     app.opti_statistical
> 
>     # this call add an optimization and return Setup class with all settings and methods
>     sweep3 = hfss.opti_optimization.add_optimization(calculation="dB(S(1,1))", calculation_value="2.5GHz")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # returns the ParametericsSetups Class
    app.opti_parametric

    # returns the OptimizationSetups Class
    app.opti_optimization

    # returns the DOESetups Class
    app.opti_doe

    # returns the DXSetups Class
    app.opti_designxplorer

    # returns the SensitivitySetups Class
    app.opti_sensitivity

    # returns the StatisticalSetups Class
    app.opti_statistical

    # adds an optimization and returns Setup class with all settings and methods
    sweep3 = hfss.opti_optimization.add_optimization(calculation="dB(S(1,1))", calculation_value="2.5GHz")
```
